README.md, before:

# Mental Math App for Android

Tired of sinking time into mindless apps? Ready for a challenge? Wish
you could work out that change before the clerk does? This app will
solve your problems!

Train your mental arithmetic on mathematical operations such as
★ ADDITION,
★ SUBTRACTION,
★ MULTIPLICATION, – and, yes! –,
★ DIVISION!

But wait, there's more! Train yourself on
★ PERCENTAGE CALCULATION
as well, or at any one of those operations chosen at RANDOM! Track
your speed and impress your friends. Or just play all day if you don't
happen to have any friends. Let the numbers be your true friends!

This app features exciting difficulty levels such as EASY, MEDIUM, and
HARD! And if that's not enough, or being exactly right is not your
thing, it features an ESTIMATION mode as well!

Developed by a Math PhD, this app taps into more than 5000 years of
knowledge, handed down by wise men and giants standing on the
shoulders of older giants. On top of that, there's a myriad of useful
diagrams to track your own progress in the ancient art of TRIVIAL
COMPUTATIONS!

Commit message:

Further small changes
Added Play store link to README, changed Bitcoin-address-copied toast,
have feature graphic with less text.

README.md, after:

# Mental Math App for Android

([Link to Google play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.kuettler.mathapp))

Tired of sinking time into mindless apps? Ready for a challenge? Wish
you could work out that change before the clerk does? This app will
solve your problems!

Train your mental arithmetic on mathematical operations such as

* ADDITION,
* SUBTRACTION,
* MULTIPLICATION, – and, yes! –,
* DIVISION!

But wait, there's more! Train yourself on

* PERCENTAGE CALCULATION

as well, or at any one of those operations chosen at RANDOM! Track
your speed and impress your fhriends. Or just play all day if you don't
happen to have any friends. Let the numbers be your true friends!

This app features exciting difficulty levels such as EASY, MEDIUM, and
HARD! And if that's not enough, or being exactly right is not your
thing, it features an ESTIMATION mode as well!

Developed by a Math PhD, this app taps into more than 5000 years of
knowledge, handed down by wise men and giants standing on the
shoulders of older giants. On top of that, there's a myriad of useful
diagrams to track your own progress in the ancient art of TRIVIAL
COMPUTATIONS!
